You gotta be kidding me.
Um, we've all been focused on giving God
the glory and, and I'm so grateful for them.
I'm grateful to my incredible husband of
40 years.
Even though I'm, I'm stuck with the name
Winans, my last name
has been love for over 40 years
.
And he has lived up to his name.
Thank you so much, Bae.
To my wonderful children, to my
grandchildren, I have three with another
one on the way.
Amazing.
Um, to all of you who have played my
songs and have come to our concerts, um,
to my family, the Winans, all of my
brothers and sisters, my mom and dad,
where it all started
.
Um, you know, I, I was speaking the other
day and it came to me that all of us, you
know, I was thinking of myself at the
time that I'm known for my music all of
the world, all over the world, people
know me for my music, right?
But, but God only knows me for my
relationship with him.
He only knows us according to the way we
know him.
Um, and so all of us here tonight as all
of the artists, the artists that I was in
the categories with, I mean, I just came
to cheer them on tonight.
I didn't think this was going to happen, um,
but, but God is faithful all my life.
He's been faithful all my life
. He's been good with every breath that
I'm able.
I will sing of the goodness of God.
Thank you so much.
I love you.